
    In 1.sql, 
    SELECT * FROM movies WHERE title AND year = 2008;
                
    In 2.sql, 
    SELECT birth FROM people WHERE name = 'Emma Stone'
    
    In 3.sql, 
    SELECT title FROM movies WHERE year >= '2018' ORDER BY title ASC;
    
    In 4.sql,
    SELECT COUNT (*) movie_id FROM ratings WHERE rating=10.0;
        
    In 5.sql, SELECT title, year FROM movies WHERE title LIKE 'Harry Potter%' ORDER BY year ASC;
    
    
    In 6.sql,
    SELECT AVG (rating) FROM ratings WHERE (SELECT year FROM movies WHERE year = 2012);
    
    
    In 7.sql, write a SQL query to list all movies released in 2010 and their ratings, in descending order by rating. For movies with the same rating, order them alphabetically by title.
        Your query should output a table with two columns, one for the title of each movie and one for the rating of each movie.
        Movies that do not have ratings should not be included in the result.
    In 8.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in Toy Story.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
        You may assume that there is only one movie in the database with the title Toy Story.
    In 9.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in a movie released in 2004, ordered by birth year.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
        People with the same birth year may be listed in any order.
        No need to worry about people who have no birth year listed, so long as those who do have a birth year are listed in order.
        If a person appeared in more than one movie in 2004, they should only appear in your results once.
    In 10.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who have directed a movie that received a rating of at least 9.0.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
        If a person directed more than one movie that received a rating of at least 9.0, they should only appear in your results once.
    In 11.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of the five highest rated movies (in order) that Chadwick Boseman starred in, starting with the highest rated.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
        You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Chadwick Boseman.
    In 12.sql, write a SQL query to list the titles of all movies in which both Johnny Depp and Helena Bonham Carter starred.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the title of each movie.
        You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Johnny Depp.
        You may assume that there is only one person in the database with the name Helena Bonham Carter.
    In 13.sql, write a SQL query to list the names of all people who starred in a movie in which Kevin Bacon also starred.
        Your query should output a table with a single column for the name of each person.
        There may be multiple people named Kevin Bacon in the database. Be sure to only select the Kevin Bacon born in 1958.
        Kevin Bacon himself should not be included in the resulting list.

